Wolf Chapter 13-1; 13-2 (Unfinished); Chapter 65-1 (Unfinished)
Blhablhahlabakjsdkahsjdajsd

Warning: shit tier, Star Wars story. 

I chose these chapters to highlight certain aspects of the main character and her relationship to her foil (Kaylee Joyce). How that relationship is established is developed during the course of the narrative, and broadly impacts the dynamics that drive the story.  The imagery of the Wolf and Sparrow are intentional. 

There are a few things I should include here for the sake of context or plain clarification:

1) Katrianya Asteris Tarkin is both Seerus and Wolf. The first is her actual name, the second is her given identity, and the last is her nickname. The names and their relationships are cogent to the narrative. That is, I do not intend for them to be used interchangeably. Where I have been able, I make important distinctions in different situations. 

2)Kaylee Joyce is Sparrow. During the course of the narrative it will be revealed that she adopts Wolf as her surrogate sister. At an important character development point for Wolf, Sparrow will reveal that her sister was killed fighting the Empire. Wolf will realize that, in fact, she had personally killed Sparrow's sister. This will establish a character crisis for Wolf that drives their relationship forward.

Errata: 

Chapter 13 exists in Unit 1 of the narrative. Tarkin has already been introduced, but here she transitions to Seerus to formalize the new set of relationships she is about to develop. Chapter 65 is in the Epilogue, which sees the resolution of Wolf's character crisis as established earlier. Both are largely unfinished. 

Chapter 13-1

“Commander Genas to Sim 1, Commander Genas to Sim 1.” The intercom barked intrusively across the Officer’s mess.


“Mid-lunch,” Genas growled, looking at his unfinished sandwich with sudden distaste.


“This about our new pilot?” Sadal mused quizzically, watching his CO get up.


“Don’t know about that.” Genas paused, before turning to his XO. “ Besides, who’s been telling you these things?” 


“Just hearsay on deck. With the war on, they aren’t looking to keep skeleton crews.”
 
“ – not that we have an excess of pilots” he added quickly.
 
“Yea, well when I find out you’ll be the second to know. Hopefully this won’t take long.” With that Commander Genas gave a second glance to his unfinished lunch.
 
“Take care of that, will you?”
 
“Sir,” Sadal responded.
 
Genas made a hasty retreat from the officer’s mess, but even as he boarded the transportation tube to the training deck the intercom beeped again. “ Commander Genas to Sim 1, Comma-“
 
“Yea, yea. I know” Genas glared at the comm. 
 
“Not my day.”
 
Stepping with some degree of alacrity – as if unwillingly spurred by the intercom’s persistence, Genas traversed the Hyperion’s byways to the training deck – and flight Simulator 1.

To his surprise there was a pair of guards outside the simulator.

“Wonder what this is about?” Genas paused.


As though an unknowing look spread across his face, one of the guards greeted him immediately. “ Commander Genas.  General Suiles is inside. ID?”
 
“Suiles?” He retorted with some degree of surprise.  “Sure.” Genas flashed his ID to the guard, who promptly scanned it and motioned to the door.
 
The room was dim, and the monotone hum of working computers washed through the doorway. General Suiles sat inside at one of the reading consoles, cigar in hand. The simulator was in use.
 
“You’re always thinking about something important when you’re dragging one of those about, Shane.”
 
General Suiles uncrossed his legs, pointing his cigar at Genas with a wink: “Bob, I signed up to think to keep your boys out of trouble.” 
 
Putting the jest aside, Genas nodded at the sim. “What’s this about? Running sims at this time isn’t normal, and the guards-“ he inclined his head back to the door.
 
“Are there out of necessity. “ He interrupted. “I want you to look at some sim logs.”
 
“You took me away from lunch to look at some blue-blood’s training logs in the sim?” Genas asked incredulously.
 
“I think you’ll want to see these.” He motioned to the empty chair beside him.
 
“Fine. The damn sandwich is junk now anyway.” He sat at the proffered chair and immediately began scanning the data feeds from the console before him.”
 
A shadow crossed his face after a few moments. “What in the world is this, Shane?”

“Thought those might grab you.” Suiles leaned forward, taking a final draw from his cigar. 
 
“Bob, remember that intel drop we had about a month ago and that support Op I sent your boys and Green on?
 
“The one we went nearly blindfolded into because of the SIS – the one that got Casey killed?” He rebuked.
 
“It wasn’t my decision, Bob.  But I knew your people would be up to it.”
 
“Anyway.” The general glanced at the cigar nub in his hands before rubbing it into the ashtray with a certain finality.
 
“Listen, Commander.” 
 
Commander Genas sat straight hearing his old friend refer to him by rank.
 
“What I’m about to say doesn’t leave this room. Off the record, I’m only telling you this as a personal favor.”
 
Suiles continued. “Two months ago an SIS contact got wind that an influential Imperial figure wished to defect and bring some fancy, in-development technology with them.  With the way the war is going, Command jumped at the opportunity.”
 
Genas glanced at the Sim console, which was now paused. 
 
“I have this.” In that moment, General Suiles produced a data-book, pushing it resolutely in Commander Genas’ direction.
 
Genas took the data-book without comment, thumbing at the screen. It was locked.
 
“Ah, a moment” Suiles interjected, handing Genas his ID.
 
Genas waved the ID over the data-book.  Briefly, the screen came to life - its illumination casting strange shadows across the dimly lit room.
 
The SIS logo dominated the screen. Genas swiped past it expectantly.
 
“Lieutenant Commander Katrianya Asteris Tarkin.” Sulies added, as if a commentary on what Genas was seeing.
 
“One of the Imperial military’s most decorated officers –“
 
“Tarkin?” Genas interrupted.
 
“Personally decorated by the Emperor, she’s nearly a legend in the Imperial Navy.” Suiles continued.
 
Genas swiped screens. There was a picture. 
 
A disciplined, stern face gazed back at him. It was a woman, in maybe her late twenties or early thirties. A pair of sharp, discerning eyes was off-set by a profile of marked contrast. Dark hair with bangs was cast back against light blue – nearly grey, eyes.  Her features were fair, but marred by a notable scar that drew, nearly diagonally, from her left eye down across to her bottom right cheek. As if interrupting in protest, light lips and refined nose were nearly untouched. At the tail of the scar on her right cheek, two smaller, but deeper scars ran parallel.  
 
It was a face you wouldn’t forget after seeing it. Before, Genas wouldn’t have known what he would be looking at – but now that he had seen it, he couldn’t have described a more perfect image of his expectations. There was a declarative presence to the face. Attractive, but alien – it radiated confidence.
 
“Test Pilot, former leader of Wraith Squadron”  –  Suiles paused, and a tenuous silence descended on the room. The simulator had stopped.
 
“Bob, she’s personally trained some of the Imp’s best flight officers.”
 
Genas exhaled sharply, swiping through the information in the data-book.
 
It was a diploma for the ages. Every meaningful pilot from the inner systems to the outer rim had heard of Wraith Squadron in some capacity. If there was the model of a pilot, however severe, it was in front of him.
 
“Arcturus,” the General added as if reading his friend’s thoughts.
 
Commander Genas set aside the data-book with a certain degree of disgust.
 
“Shane, who is in the sim?” he inquired brusquely. 
 
As if his question communed with the moment, two guards entered the test chamber and a woman emerged from the simulator.
 
It was as the picture, but more. If the picture manifest a presence, the presence painted a picture. 

She wore the traditional, off duty workout clothes – slim pants, a light grey tank top. Dark, nearly raven hair was put back in a pony-tail.  Tall; well defined muscles made an immutable argument about the internal construction of the individual. The tattoo of a wolf with jaw agape flared across her upper right arm in black, grey, and red. It accented her figure well, as if it was something inherently native to her person.
 
 Genas eyed her studiously for a few moments, before swiveling his chair towards General Suiles.
 
“You’ve got my attention, Shane. Why’s a person like that aboard the Hyperion and in the sims?”

“We need pilots, Bob. Good ones.” General Suiles responded quickly.
 
Genas was quiet with disbelief for a few moments. “And you think this Imp is just gonna fly for us, no strings attached? There’s more to this.”
 
“Always is Bob, but my hands are tied.”
 
“Anyway, she insisted that she fly. That’s all you need to know.” This statement was added emphatically.
 
“And who’s she gonna fly with?” Genas asked cautiously.
 
“I want her with you.” He paused, before continuing.  “I trust your instincts on these things Bob, that’s why I’m assigning her to Blue Squadron.

Genas stood up; looking back at the numbers and readings paused on the simulator readout. "Sith, Shane. You're giving me a monster."


Motioning at the guards inside the sim room, Suiles glanced at Genas. “I’ll take that as a vote of confidence,” He added: “I want you to talk with her today, see if your gut gives you a better impression of who I’m putting in your lap.”

General Suiles paused, checking his writ-watch. “Meet me inside Ops room 2 at 1500. Bring Captain Sadal.”

“Understood,” Genas affirmed.

With that Suiles got up and quietly exited the room through the simulator.

Genas eyed the dead cigar butt in console ashtray, his glance then traversing the console back to the sim room.  Suiles was there with the guards and the Imp.

“Sadal is going to love this,” he mused. 

He left through the hallway.


Chapter 13-2

Sadal dawdled in the officer’s mess for a while; half expecting Commander Genas to reappear. After about half an hour of waiting he determined that whatever was important enough to pull Genas away was important enough to keep him away.

Standing up, he looked at Genas’ unfinished sandwich and thought to himself: ‘He’s going to be grumpy later.’

With that thought in mind Sadal packed away their clutter and eyed the nearly-empty mess-hall. It was a low-key day; lately, one of the rare ones. It left him with a slight sense of unease, as if events were moving beyond his sight, and he had to wait on the precipice to jump at some sudden moment.

Captain Sadal had keen ears and eyes for the pulse of his crews and the ship at large, but a series of botched missions early in his service with the Alliance made him a bit nervous when dealing with uncertainty.  On the shorter end, with tawny brown hair and energetic blue eyes he was affectionately known as Shimmy to the members of Blue Squadron and those he lived and worked closely with. Talkative, ears always open; he was usually privy to things before they hit the ground. Informal with those of lower rank, he made a point of staying on a first name basis with many junior officers.

Heading aft from the officer’s mess, Sadal decided to make a stop by Blue Squadron’s maintenance hangar to check on the engineers.  

Bright lights and bleached walls, the familiar scent of oxygen scrubbers marking his passage, Sadal made his way to the nearest transportation tube.

There he was greeted by a familiar face. A younger woman was at a nearby terminal. A bundle of books was pressed beneath one of her arms. 

“Oh, hello Kaylee.” He greeted informally, with no small degree of surprise.

“Captain,” she responded with a smile and gesture acknowledgement.

Lieutenant Kaylee Joyce was the youngest member of Blue Squadron. Twenty years old, the rest of the squadron were as older brothers to her. Commander Genas was old enough to be her father and in many ways she looked up to him as one. Around 5’5, Kaylee had soft, long auburn hair that was often put back in a knot. From a youthful, freckled face hazel eyes peered out with undiminished curiosity on the world at large. In spite of her age, Kaylee was one of the better known pilots aboard Hyperion. Called Sparrow by her squadron-mates, she was encouraging and affable. Her personality glued Blue Squadron together.

“Thought you were with Shaef and Evans today – “ Sadal inclined, pausing outside the transportation tube.

Kaylee shook her head. “They went to play Sabacc. I thought I could use the time to work on a project.”

Kaylee was an artist – or was at minimum artistically inclined. In fact, she had personally designed many of the individualized emblems and pictures that were emblazoned on Blue Squadron’s ships and accouterments.  

“Another commission, or an experiment?” he asked, curious.

“An experiment. Commander Crynyd found a few old books about the Jedi and gave them to me.” She paused a moment, as if considering her words carefully. “Some of the symbolism struck me.”

Kaylee was a sensory – a fact that, perhaps, contributed to her artistic inclinations. She loved the feel of the old bound books between her hands.  She was also particularly fascinated by accounts of the force. Whether there was family history behind this or if she was just particularly fascinated about the Jedi Knights no one had thought to ask. Her interest was accepted as a younger person’s quirk.

“Were you going somewhere?” She inquired after a moment, noting that Sadal had a mission about his face. 

“Commander Genas was called away from mess and didn’t come back. I thought I might use the time to check up engineering. See if they needed anything.”

“Oh,” she responded softly, shifting the bundle between her arms uneasily. “Was it about anything in particular?”

“Not sure,” Sadal responded, with no small amount of curiosity palpable in his own voice. “He seemed pretty tight-lipped about it.”

“I’m sure we’ll find out soon enough,” Kaylee smiled at him.

An odd moment of silence passed between them. Finally, she looked down the hallway past Captain Sadal. “Permission to return to R&R?”

 “Don’t worry about it Kaylee - on your way.” Sadal grinned.

“Sir,” she replied, promptly disappearing down the corridor.

Sadal briefly watched her walk away before turning his attention back to the transportation tube. He boarded and pressed the console for Hyperion’s engineering deck.

Hyperion wasn’t a large ship by the Imperial metric, but it was an oddity. Typically multiple Alliance fighter units were not housed and commanded from a single ship. Hyperion, however, was a heavily modified EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate. A medium sized warship in the Alliance fleet, it was specifically outfitted to house several squadrons of fighters and bombers. Since the battle of Yavin it served as one of the Alliance military’s foremost interdiction vessels. Always on the move, the ship and its small fleet contingent operated independently from the primary Alliance base then being established on Hoth. As such, it was almost constantly on alert. 

 > Continued.

Chapter 65-1

“Well, here we are.” Kaylee exclaimed with a sigh of relief.
Stopping the hover-car, Seerus looked out the window. It was a pleasant place. A small dirt road ran parallel to a whispering stream that banked up to a single-story house. Its cerulean waters swam unflinchingly over still rocks. On the other side of the road eaves of large oaks were laid low, casting a dance of light and shadow all about.  
Kaylee got out, anxiously motioning towards Seerus to join her.
Seerus turned off the vehicle and exited, following mutely in Kaylee’s footsteps. 
“You know, when I was away home was always the refuge I sought in my memories. “ Kaylee said, as if to herself. “I wanted to return, escape things. Feel safe. But now that I’m here – “she quieted. “I feel like home was never as far away as I envisaged.”
Kaylee followed the rough road forward a few feet towards one of the large oaks. Stopping she placed her hand on it.
From above a bird chirped and took flight.
After a still moment Kaylee smiled, turning back to Seerus: “Anyway.”
Wolf was gazing at the murmuring brook reflectively.

“Kaylee?!” an older man’s voice came suddenly, drifting in surprise from the house up the short path.
“Dad!” Kaylee leapt from her place by the tree, dashing up the road.
“You’ve come home, little Sparrow!” moving with anxious steps he hurried towards Kaylee.
They embraced. 
“Well I’ll be, “he intoned.” When your mother and I got the notice we weren’t sure how soon you’d be by. We figured you would be stuck away for some time yet.”
He paused suddenly, furrowed eyes examining her. “You’ve grown –“  Her freckled face – the lilt of happy auburn hair – so very familiar. Yet the look on her face and in her eyes, was deeper – more reflective, more alien.
Looking at her thoughtfully he caught sight of Seerus following quietly behind.
Seerus felt like she was walking a lucid dream. The scent of early morning dew, subtle quietude of running waters, and the soft breeze caressing her hair drew her away into distant climes. A time long past, long forgotten.
“You must be Wolf,” he added.
Seerus was pulled from the waking memory.  Walking forward, she paused only slightly behind Kaylee.
The pair was of marked contrast. Short, youthful – a bright and fair reflection put against a contrast of dark hair and discerning eyes – tall, a scarred but a striking visage; Kaylee and Seerus could not have looked further apart.
“When Kaylee told me about you in her letters, I wasn’t sure I had the right image in mind.” He continued, voice softening. “I see now that I did.”
A smile crept over Seerus’ face. “Good thing she has a healthy imagination; I’d rather avoid the displeasure of being described otherwise.”
Kaylee grinned, before interrupting excitedly: “Is mom here?”
“Sure is, little Sparrow. She’s inside.”
Kaylee looked back at Seerus expectantly. Seerus nodded at her, a smile still on her face.
Kaylee darted inside.
“How is she?” Kaylee’s dad turned back to Seerus after watching her run to the house. 
The smile faded from Seerus’ face.
“Better.  The war –“
“Has been tough on us all, “ he interrupted markedly, inspecting Wolf.
“She’s picked up art again, which I take as a good sign.”
“Art?” he exclaimed, surprise palpable in his voice. He paused, adding thoughtfully: “I see.”
“Why don’t you come inside and make yourself comfortable. There will be plenty of time to talk, and I’ve no intent on keeping a visitor out in the morning. Are your things still in the vehicle?” He looked past Seerus.
“Yes sir, I can go back and get them.”
“I’ll help you,” he interjected.
The Joyce household was unremarkable in almost every way except where it stood and how it felt.
Later, Wolf would struggle to put into the words the sensations she felt standing in Kaylee’s house. In a way, it felt like she was watching herself through alien eyes; retracing well-worn steps and existing out of some memory independent of her own. Some rumor of a presence inhabited the home, giving it life, following wherever she went.
Kaylee’s mother was much like Kaylee, in a way. Frosted auburn hair, her vitality was warmed with age. She was affable and light-hearted as her daughter. She took to Wolf immediately. Rather than stand on introductions, though, she bade Kaylee show her about: ‘Lunch’s the best time for talk, anyway.’ Kaylee’s father acceded to this, disappearing into the back of the house.
Kaylee showed Seerus to her room. It was homely, with unnecessary, old-fashioned pastel drapes. Against the far wall it had a single bed with, it looked like, a home-crafted backboard wrought of oak. It also had a small table with a lonely lamp, and a desk that looked loved, but far removed from its time. Dropping her things off, she was whisked away by Kaylee.
In a flurry, she showed Wolf the rest of the house. She could tell Kaylee was thoroughly emancipated by the moment. Kaylee was practically tripping over her words. 
She couldn’t help but smile. 
Finally, they came to the end of the last hallway. There was a closed door. Kaylee grew suddenly still. 
Seerus felt the change in her demeanor.
“This was my sister’s room.”
Wolf was silent. The smile left her face.
“I want to show you,” Kaylee added purposefully.
“Sure.” Her response was unusually quiet.
Opening the door, they were greeted by a rush of sensations – as if dust and memories coalesced into a single entity that sought escape from an unwanted end.
The room was a mess – or, at least, to Wolf it was. Some might say that it was well lived in. Heaps of the ancient paper books were strewn about. Every conceivable space on every wall in the room was covered by a painting. At the far corner of the room, near an undraped window, sat an easel. Foggy trails of sunlight poured through the window.
Her throat began to dry up.
Before she or Kaylee could say anything, Kaylee’s father appeared behind them.
“Sara liked to paint,” his lips pursed. “She was very creative. Always seemed to have a greater sense of things.”
Seerus gazed at the paintings on the walls more closely. There were far-away mountains with silver waters raining in thunderous applause down into forgotten depths; smoky clouds pierced radiantly by hidden lights; and abstract images that flitted as shadows at the edges of her imagination. 
He continued: “Sara had an unusual perspective on things. Always saw things for how they were rather than how they are. I never really understood it – how she described it.”
“She’s why I picked up art,” Kaylee added.
Seerus’ knees felt weak. Her stomach turned.

Get it together.
A painful look flashed across her face as an iron discipline bottled the complex and tortured feelings boiling at her core.
“Kaylee designed most of the art for our ships in the squadron.”  Her voice was faltering, but it was composed.
“I didn’t know she had taken up art until you said something outside,” Kaylee’s father responded. “You never said anything about that in your letters, Kaylee.” He added, as if admonishing her. 
“It didn’t feel like a good place, I guess. It was my way of keeping Sara close. It felt personal.” She replied weakly.
Kaylee’s father grew quiet: “I think I understand. We all keep her close in different ways.” Managing a stoic face he turned to Wolf.
“But here we are troubling a guest with our concerns. Kaylee, why don’t you show her the trail out back?”
Kaylee nodded mutely. She knew the one, though she wondered at the request. 
“We can make it up the trail later this evening, “ he paused, looking at Wolf strangely. “As a family.”
He left the room abruptly as if worn by a terrible burden. 
A heavy silence descended on the room.
“Sorry, Wolf. It just felt imp-“
Seerus interrupted her:  “There’s nothing to be sorry about.”
Kaylee stopped, gazing at the light filtering past the easel for a few moments. “It’s stuffy in here. I’ll show you outside.”
Kaylee escorted Seerus about the land to rear of their house. There were many trees about the land; towering trees verdant with leaves enthroned against fields coruscating with flowers. There was a small garden at the rear of the house, and as best Seerus could tell it was well tended. Several grape vines leapt courageously from dark soil into tall trellises.  A path led through the center of the trellises before cutting away at the rear.  Out back from the garden a trail ascended sharply towards a distant, wooden gate where it then disappeared suddenly into some hidden lane.
They roamed the land but for a little while it seemed. No sooner than they felt they had gone out, though, the sound of Kaylee’s mother calling came drifting across the wind. “Lunch.”
Returning to the house they cleaned up and were all seated at the table sooner than not.
Kaylee’s father looked at Seerus critically after they sat down. “Wolf’s not a name for an attractive young woman like yourself, you know.”
Seerus placed her utensils down.
Kaylee intervened. “It’s her nickname. I came up with it.” It seemed to fit.
“Katrinaya,” Seerus replied, smiling.
There was an unusual gentleness to her smile. Maybe it was Kaylee’s imagination, but it seemed as though the scars on Wolf’s face faded slightly.
“It’s a pretty name.  It has a certain dignity to it, you know.” Kaylee’s mother interjected.
Kaylee was silent. Katrinaya’s tone took her completely off guard. She had only heard the name once before, but this was the first time she had heard it said like that.
“Kat!” Kaylee’s father mused approvingly.  “Kaylee’s told us a lot about you, but I fear most of it fails me at this time. Where are you from?”
Katrinaya glanced at Kaylee. “Eriadu, but I’ve lived away from home most of my life. I haven’t been back in years.”
“Your family probably misses you,” Kaylee’s mother responded.
Wolf said nothing. Sensing the situation, Kaylee’s father continued: “Isn’t Eriadu a trade-world?”
“Depending on what you had or what you wanted,” Katrinaya added. “We also have several mountain retreats with protected land, but more often than not they fall outside the galaxy’s purview.”
“Is there snow?” Kaylee responded quickly.
“Mountains,” Katrinaya replied with a slight laugh.

> Continued